# CHANGELOG

## Release pending

- Removed border from `BoxedRowList` component, moved it to `BoxedRow` component
- New `Inline` layout component

## v.4.0.1 - 2020-07-16

- Fix `TextLink` line height

## v.4.0.0 - 2020-07-15

- **Breaking change**: Decouple from `react-router-dom`.
  - You can now provide your custom `Link` component to mistica using the `ThemeContextProvider`. There are
    some examples in the `examples/` folder on how to use this feature with popular routers, like react-router
    and Next.js router.
  - By default, if you don't provide a custom `Link` component, `@telefonica/mistica` will render simple `<a>`
    elements.
- Reset some browser default styles at component level.
- SSR compatibility to support using `@telefonica/mistica` in Next.js apps.
- Added a `examples/` folder. Added some examples on how to use `@telefonica/mistica` with common
  meta-frameworks, like Create React App or Next.js
- Some fixes in `<Switch />` component to avoid some warnings in newer react versions.

## v.3.5.0 - 2020-07-13

- Created o2-classic skin and updated colors.

## v.3.4.0 - 2020-07-08

- Changed responsive layout columns for tablet.
- Changed grid layout margins and width for some viewports.
- Fixed bug on radio buttons inside lists.

## v.3.3.1 - 2020-07-01

- Accessibility and tracking for `Tabs` component.

## v.3.3.0 - 2020-06-30

- New `Tabs` component.

## v.3.2.0 - 2020-06-30

- New colors for app tab bar.

## v.3.1.1 - 2020-06-29

- Fixed changelog.

## v.3.1.0 - 2020-06-29

- NegativeBox Component.

## v.3.0.2 - 2020-06-26

- Minor bugfixes

## v.3.0.1 - 2020-06-26

- Minor bugfixes

## v.3.0.0 - 2020-06-26

- **Breaking change**: Migrate to TS
  - Autogenerated d.ts and js.flow definitions
- **Breaking change**: Unified naming for icon components.
  - All icon component names now start with Icon
- Added new skin `O2-classic`
- New radio button component
- New switch component
- List rows improvements:
  - Added support for radio buttons in list rows
  - Added support for switch in list rows
  - Added support for circular checkboxes in list rows
  - Added support for headline and subtitle in list rows
- Added `id` prop to `SectionTitle` and `Text` components, to be able to use them as accesibility labels
  (`aria-labelledby`)
- Added support for SSR. To support using `@telefonica/mistica` in frameworks like Next.

## v.2.1.1 - 2020-06-19

- Fix for mistica version check.

## v.2.1.0 - 2020-06-19

- Check there is only one version of mistica running in the same page
- New color constants for desktop nav bar
- Change credit card form fields spacing to 16px
- Fix control active color for Movitar prominent.

## v.2.0.0 - 2020-06-12

- Header improvements:
  - Allow two buttons in header.
  - **Breaking Change**: Allow extra content vertical in desktop. This is now the default behavior, to enable
    the old horizontal behavior use `sideBySideExtraOnDesktop` prop in `HeaderLayout`.
  - Make header title optional
  - Allow any `React.Node` as `header` prop in `HeaderLayout` to support skeletons there.
  - Change error color to pink
- Grid layout now have 12 columns in tablet breakpoint too. It had 8 before.
- Expose `Locale` and `RegionCode` types.

## v.1.1.0 - 2020-06-10

- Fix [bug](https://github.com/Telefonica/mistica-web/pull/12) with cancel calback on Dialogs
- `locale` now have the format `'es-ES'` instead of `es_ES`. This change is retrocompatible at run time
  because we sanitize locales before using them (replace `_` with `-`). But the types aren't retrocompatible
  because we have changed the `Locale` enum

## v.1.0.1 - 2020-06-05

- Include flow types

## v.1.0.0 - 2020-06-05

- First release!
